Add token tracker (#23)
MetaMask/etherscan-link: README.md

const hash = '0xa7540793de6b6ca7d3c948a8cc0a163bf107f5535a69353162ea9dec7ee7beca'
const txLink = etherscanLink.createExplorerLink(hash, networkId)

> const token = '0xdac17f958d2ee523a2206206994597c13d831ec7'
> const wallet = '0x5041ed759dd4afc3a72b8192c143f72f4724081a'
> const accountLink = etherscanLink.createTokenTrackerLink(token, networkId, wallet)

Reviewer: I think we can improve this example:
```suggestion
const token = '0xdac17f958d2ee523a2206206994597c13d831ec7'
const tokenTrackerLink = etherscanLink.createTokenTrackerLink(token, networkId)
// You can also track token balances by account
const accountTokenTrackerLink = etherscanLink.createTokenTrackerLink(token, networkId, account)
```
